{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\deff0\deflang1033
{\fonttbl
{\f0\froman\fcharset0\fprq2\fttruetype Times New Roman;}
{\f1\fswiss\fcharset0\fprq2\fttruetype Arial;}
{\f2\fswiss\fcharset0\fprq2\ftnil Dingbats;}
{\f3\froman\fcharset0\fprq2\fttruetype Symbol;}
{\f4\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq1\fttruetype Courier New;}}
{\colortbl
\red0\green0\blue0;
\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\stylesheet
{\s1\fi-431\li720\sbasedon29\snext29Contents 1;}
{\s2\fi-431\li1440\sbasedon29\snext29Contents 2;}
{\s3\fi-431\li2160\sbasedon29\snext29Contents 3;}
{\s8\fi-431\li720\sbasedon29Lower Roman List;}
{\s5\tx431\sbasedon25\snext29Numbered Heading 1;}
{\s6\tx431\sbasedon26\snext29Numbered Heading 2;}
{\s7\fi-431\li720Square List;}
{\*\cs11\sbasedon29Endnote Text;}
{\s4\fi-431\li2880\sbasedon29\snext29Contents 4;}
{\s9\fi-431\li720Diamond List;}
{\s10\fi-431\li720Numbered List;}
{\*\cs12\fs20\superEndnote Reference;}
{\s13\fi-431\li720Triangle List;}
{\s14\tx431\sbasedon27\snext29Numbered Heading 3;}
{\s15\fi-431\li720Dashed List;}
{\s16\fi-431\li720\sbasedon10Upper Roman List;}
{\s17\sb440\sa60\f1\fs24\b\sbasedon29\snext29Heading 4;}
{\s18\fi-431\li720Heart List;}
{\s35\fi-431\li720Box List;}
{\*\cs20\fs20Reference;}
{\s21\fi-431\li720\sbasedon10Upper Case List;}
{\s22\fi-431\li720Bullet List;}
{\s23\fi-431\li720Hand List;}
{\*\cs24\fs20\sbasedon29Footnote Text;}
{\s25\sb440\sa60\f1\fs34\b\sbasedon29\snext29Heading 1;}
{\s26\sb440\sa60\f1\fs28\b\sbasedon29\snext29Heading 2;}
{\s19\qc\sb240\sa120\f1\fs32\b\sbasedon29\snext29Contents Header;}
{\s28\fi-431\li720Tick List;}
{\s27\sb440\sa60\f1\fs24\b\sbasedon29\snext29Heading 3;}
{\s30\fi-431\li720\sbasedon10Lower Case List;}
{\s31\li1440\ri1440\sa120\sbasedon29Block Text;}
{\s37\f4\sbasedon29Plain Text;}
{\s33\tx1584\sbasedon5\snext29Section Heading;}
{\s34\fi-431\li720Implies List;}
{\s29\f0\fs24Normal;}
{\s36\fi-431\li720Star List;}
{\*\cs32\fs20\superFootnote Reference;}
{\s38\tx1584\sbasedon5\snext29Chapter Heading;}}
\kerning0\cf0\ftnbj\fet2\ftnstart1\ftnnar\aftnnar\ftnstart1\aftnstart1\aenddoc\revprop3{\info\uc1}\deftab720\viewkind1\paperw11905\paperh16837\margl1440\margr1440\widowctrl
\sectd\sbknone\colsx360\headery0\footery0\pgncont\ltrsect
\pard\plain\ltrpar\ql\itap0{\f0\fs24\lang1033{\*\listtag0}\abinodiroverride\ltrch Shine2D is a basic Open-GL based 2D graphics library for Java. It implements much of the same functionality as the Graphics2D library that ships with the standard JDK (}{\f0\fs24\lang1033{\*\listtag0}and some additional features, }{\f0\fs24\lang1033{\*\listtag0}to be improved and extended in the future) while offering dramatic performance improvements over its closed-source counterpart.}{\f0\fs24\lang1033{\*\listtag0}\par}
\pard\plain\ltrpar\ql\itap0{\f0\fs24\lang1033{\*\listtag0}\par}
\pard\plain\ltrpar\ql\itap0{\f0\fs24\lang1033{\*\listtag0}\abinodiroverride\ltrch Shine features a variety of drawing modes including alpha blending (normal mode), add, multiply and screen, as well as alpha map to transfer the alpha channel from one image to another. It can also draw lines (with patterns and phase, fairly similar to Graphics2D), shapes and images with scaling, rotation and symmetric reflection.}{\f0\fs24\lang1033{\*\listtag0}\par}
\pard\plain\ltrpar\ql\itap0{\f0\fs24\lang1033{\*\listtag0}\par}
\pard\plain\ltrpar\ql\itap0{\f0\fs24\lang1033{\*\listtag0}\abinodiroverride\ltrch Currently only the LWJGL version works, and it only half-works at that. Render-to-texture seems to be broken for GL11 in LWJGL2.9.3, while rendering to the window buffer is additionally broken in 3.x. I\'92m not to the point where I can implement shaders yet and there\'92s still some basic functionality that needs implementing and/or fixing, so no releases yet.}{\f0\fs24\lang1033{\*\listtag0}\par}
\pard\plain\ltrpar\ql\itap0{\f0\fs24\lang1033{\*\listtag0}\par}
\pard\plain\ltrpar\ql\itap0{\f0\fs24\lang1033{\*\listtag0}\abinodiroverride\ltrch License Info: TBA. \'93Free and Open Source\'94 is a given, and I intend to use a license with terms that are favorable for whoever wants to use it in their ProjectX (and whatever terms that may imply, commercial or otherwise).}{\f0\fs24\lang1033{\*\listtag0}\par}}